:title:Selenium Ruby Starter Kit

= Name
Selenium Ruby Starter Kit

= Synopsis
    ruby ts_run_all_tests.rb http://www.google.com

= Description
A set of scripts that will assist in getting up and running with
Selenium RC under Ruby.

Provide setup, teardown and other utility methods for using Selenium with Test::Unit.

= Dependencies

0. Ruby and RubyGems must be installed on your system.
0. The Selenium Client gem must be installed by running
    gem install selenium-client
0. Download and unzip the latest version of the 
{Selenium RC Server}[http://seleniumhq.org/download/].  Once
downloaded, start the server by double-clicking selenium-server.jar

= How To Use

    ruby ts_run_all_tests.rb http://www.google.com

That command will launch Firefox and run the included example tests
against Google.com.  If you would like to run tests in MSIE or Opera
instead of Firefox, browser, edit line 31 of selenium_helper.rb and
change *firefox to *iexplore or *opera

== Arguments
One argument is expected:
0. The root domain of the site against which to test (eg http://www.google.com)

== Running your own tests

0. Delete the test_cases/google_examples directory
0. Record a test using the Selenium IDE
0. Once you are satisfied with your test, click on Options > Format > Ruby - Selenium RC
0. Copy the test_new function and paste it into test_cases/tc_yours.rb
0. Invoke ts_run_all_tests.rb, and remember to pass the full URL of the site you are testing

== Troubleshooting

Remember that these scripts require Selenium Server running on 
port 4444.  
You should be fine as long as you have double-clicked
selenium-server.jar before you try running this ;-)

Be sure to supply the (sub)domain to which the site resolves.  That is, if the site you are testing resolves to www.google.com, then you cannot supply google.com (without the 'www' subdomain) as the domain and the script will fail if you do.

= License
This code is provided under the terms of the {MIT License.}[http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php]

= Authors
Noah Sussman, with a lot of help from Ben Strawbridge.
